add native addon to ccis package (#970)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/ccis/README.md

-->

# ccis

> > Compute the [cis][cis] function of a double-precision complex floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Evaluate the [cis][cis] function for a double-precision complex floating-point number.
```

## Usage

```javascript
var ccis = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/ccis' );
```

#### ccis( z )

> Evaluates the [cis][cis] function with a double-precision complex floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the [cis][cis] function for a double-precision complex floating-point number.
```

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/ccis.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_ccis( z )

> Evaluates the [cis][cis] function with a double-precision complex floating-point number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the [cis][cis] function for a double-precision complex floating-point number.
```

```c
#include "stdlib/complex/float64.h"
#include "stdlib/complex/real.h"
#include "stdlib/complex/imag.h"

stdlib_complex128_t z = stdlib_complex128( 0.0, 0.0 );

stdlib_complex128_t out = stdlib_base_ccis( z );

double re = stdlib_real( out );
// returns 1.0

double im = stdlib_imag( out );
// returns 0.0
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **z**: `[in] stdlib_complex128_t` input value.

```c
stdlib_complex128_t stdlib_base_ccis( const stdlib_complex128_t z );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/ccis.h"
#include "stdlib/complex/float64.h"
#include "stdlib/complex/reim.h"
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {

>     stdlib_complex128_t x[] = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const stdlib_complex128_t x[] = {
```

        stdlib_complex128( 3.14, 1.5 ),
        stdlib_complex128( -3.14, 1.5 ),
        stdlib_complex128( 0.0, -0.0 ),
        stdlib_complex128( 0.0/0.0, 0.0/0.0 )
    };

    stdlib_complex128_t v;
    stdlib_complex128_t y;
    double re;
    double im;
    int i;
    for ( i = 0; i < 4; i++ ) {
        v = x[ i ];
        stdlib_reim( v, &re, &im );
        printf( "z = %lf + %lfi\n", re, im );

        y = stdlib_base_ccis( v );
        stdlib_reim( y, &re, &im );

>         printf( "ccis(z, z) = %lf + %lfi\n", re, im );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        printf( "ccis(z) = %lf + %lfi\n", re, im );
```
